Add release notes for AKV v1.2.0 (#832)
dotnet/SqlClient: release-notes/add-ons/AzureKeyVaultProvider/1.2/1.2.0.md

# Release Notes

## General Availability of Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.AlwaysEncrypted.AzureKeyVaultProvider
_**1.2.0 released 01 December 2020**_

> This is the initial public stable release of the new Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.AlwaysEncrypted.AzureKeyVaultProvider namespace. This library contains the implementation of `Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SqlColumnEncryptionKeyStoreProvider` for accessing Azure Key Vault, and the provider class is named `SqlColumnEncryptionAzureKeyVaultProvider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library contains the implementation of `Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SqlColumnEncryptionKeyStoreProvider` for accessing Azure Key Vault, and the provider class is named `SqlColumnEncryptionAzureKeyVaultProvider`.
```

### Added

> - Added support for .NET Standarad 2.0. This requires Microsoft.Data.SqlClient v2.1.0 and above. [#823](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/823)

Reviewer 2: Standard

- Added new HSM endpoints. [#750](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/750)

> - Added source linked PDBs to support debugging package. [#789](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/789)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added source linked PDBs for easier debugging of the package. [#789](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/789)
```

### Working with SQLColumnEncryptionAzureKeyVaultProvider
`SqlColumnEncryptionAzureKeyVaultProvider` is implemented against `Microsoft.Data.SqlClient` and supports .NET Framework 4.6+, .NET Core 2.1+, and .NET Standard 2.0+. The provider name identifier for this library is "**AZURE_KEY_VAULT**" and it is not registered in the driver by default. Client applications may call the `SqlConnection.RegisterColumnEncryptionKeyStoreProviders()` API once in the lifetime of the driver to register this custom provider by implementing a custom Authentication Callback mechanism.

> Once the provider is registered, it can used to perform Always Encrypted operations by creating a Column Master Key using the Azure Key Vault Key Identifier URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the provider is registered, it can be used to perform Always Encrypted operations by creating a Column Master Key using the Azure Key Vault Key Identifier URL.
```
